took a lot of the old girls with these
wonderful fliers you've made Arthur
grandma there's something I've been
meaning to talk to you about it's your
cooking it's just that well it kind of
tastes um Dora well Sara
Dora I heard a blurb on the radio today
for our bake sale how on earth did you
do it Arthur
I tell you the good ship PTA would be
sunk in Davy Jones locker if it wasn't
for your grandmother you must be awfully
proud of her yeah
well oh just mosey on back to the old
homestead unless you want a hand in the
kitchen thora yes I mean don't you need
help I already have two assistants Sara
besides I expect you to have plenty of
that cobbler of yours tomorrow
that's very grown-up of you to offer
their help but believe me I've got
everything under control yes nothing
don't worry about but you told mrs.
macgrady we were your assistants grandma
I can handle this
cooking runs in our family you know in
fact your father started cooking when he
was your age Arthur I believe it
there's only one thing left Arthur we've
got to change our name so nobody will
know we had anything to do with this if
only we could just keep people from
buying them from now on I'll be mrs.
Euler bit more concern
wait a minute DW I've got it I know how
we can keep people from buying those
cookies really Wow just wait till
tomorrow Sarah will be collecting money
throughout the day and if you have any
problems just grab me
thora they need you out front one of the
banners blew down
kids can you finish setting up I'll be
back in a flash
so Arthur how are you gonna keep people
from buying grandma's cookies Shh I
brought the birthday money grandpa Dave
sent me it should be just enough to buy
all of them Arthur you can't eat all
these you're too young to die I'm not
gonna eat them come on my lockers just
down here we'll just stop them in there
too
grandma what are we gonna do I've got it
come on it's no good the grommets are
torn out mr. Morris but if you had some
sticks I'm right with you mrs. Reid wait
here I've got just the thing look
grandma the bake sale is a big success
what you didn't sew all those cookies
already did you well mr. Morris are you
all right is mr. Morris okay grandma the
nurse says mr. Morris's foot isn't
broken thank goodness but something very
heavy must have fallen on it what I
wonder is who could have put my cookies
in that closet well we did grandma
Arthur DW but why we didn't want to hurt
your feelings
Sahra there you are I've been looking
for you dear we're doing land office
business it's already our best year ever
Cera McGrady tell me the truth am I a
bad cook you why do you ask
you just get preoccupied thora you're
too busy to cook we still love you
grandma and you're good at lots of other
things like when you made all those
costumes for the marching band yeah and
when you fix daddy's car doesn't matter
how long you slice it dear you'll never
make a three-course meal out of a
bicycle better to get on it and ride I
suppose that's right and I guess I'm
lucky to have friends like you three
well better get back to work on that
banner we'll go clean up those cookies
oh and Arthur DW thanks for telling me
the truth I know it took a lot of
courage
we love you grandma
where did all the cookies go they're all
cleaned up hey guys look what I found a
little dirt on them but lightful